So we ask if, if there's a time when breaking the rules is okay, that's,
Ah, it seems like a very easy answer. Say no. It's never OK to break
the rules, but in the military you'll find that you'll find yourselves
in situations that end up being very gray. My example is flying
an aircraft. You're given a very large book to read that tells you
how to fly an aircraft, and it tells you this is how you handle this
emergency procedure and it gives you warnings that gives you cautions
that gives, you know, it's a lot of advice on how to handle this,
But in the very beginning of that section of the book, it says these
air the procedures that you should use her in an emergency, but
they are not a substitute for sound judgment. Sometimes sound judgment
requires you to break the rules, and I don't mean in an intentional
sense where you're just trying to get ready for an inspection and
you gun deck all the signatures. I'm talking about breaking the rules.
I'm talking more about exceptional situations where you where you
have really no other choice, maybe because the safety of the crew.
That's the other part of that statement in the book. You're the most
important thing about your decision making is the safety of the air
crew at that particular point time. And that might drive you to break
the rules. So it s Oh, that would be a situation where you could
break the rules. But But if you're going to do it, you need to have
a very good reason why you are. It should not be the go to almost the
rules we have are developed over, you know, two centuries of experience.
There's a reason why they exist, even though we might not totally
understand it. So going when going with going in with the game
plan that every that rules are breakable, is not is not safe, It's
not ideal. It should be considered. This is the way I'm gonna do it
unless I find myself in it in a particular situation. And those, like
I said, those situations are exceptional.